Steward, what do you want?
What do you want?
Don't you understand? Then let me explain it to you again.
You have to close the door sooner or later when you sing
Why don't I pick a way out for you now?
How about I take over for 100,000 bucks?
One hundred thousand dollars.
There are more than 100,000 antiques in my house
You want 100,000 take over my life
You are dreaming
Quite a personality
Don't think you know Zhou Legend
I'm all gone
Zhou Legend is also here as a style
He can save a fart
Besides, waiting for you, your singing is out of business
Maybe I can take you with me
Blind no no no
I don't like the next link.
I prefer to register
You can't get the invitation to the antique club
As it should be
The law of the jungle
Since ancient times
Well said hahaha
law of the jungle
This weak meat is talking about your ancient home, right?
It's you again
Just today at this moment, kneel down and beg me
Let's write off the past
Otherwise, after the conference
I'll let you live on the streets with the Friendship Merchant
I will return this sentence to you.
You really don't have enough invitations like this